#289: Fixed UI in notebooks (#290)
exasol/ai-lab: exasol/ds/sandbox/runtime/ansible/roles/jupyter/files/notebook_requirements.txt

stopwatch.py==2.0.1
boto3==1.26.163
exasol-notebook-connector @ git+https://github.com/exasol/notebook-connector.git@main

> pickleshare==0.7.5 # Needed because of https://github.com/exasol/ai-lab/issues/289. Possibly can be removed in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pickleshare==0.7.5 # Needed because of https://github.com/exasol/ai-lab/issues/289. Potentially can be removed as soon as an update for ipy available.
```

Reviewer: Is this the dependency to `ipywidgets` in file `ansible/roles/jupyter/files/jupyter_requirements.txt` then?

Reviewer: If true, then there pypi offers [ipywidgets 8.1.3](https://pypi.org/project/ipywidgets/8.1.3/)  which is later than 8.1.1 currently used by the ai-lab.

Author: Fixed according to our discussion on the phone.
